docs: added documentation for data mapping of SAML attributes (#2078)
ory/docs: docs/kratos/organizations/organizations.mdx

The SAML application callback URL to set at our SAML Identity Provider is: `https://api.console.ory.sh/saml/api/oauth/saml`

> #### Data Mapping

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Data mapping
```

sentence casing for headings please

You can configure the mapping of SAML attributes to Ory's identity schema using Jsonnet. All custom SAML attributes defined at the
Identity Provider (IdP) will be available in the `raw_claims` object within `claims`. These attributes can then be mapped to the
Ory identity schema.

> :::note
> 
> Important: Ensure that the appropriate identity schema is created before mapping attributes. The email attribute is natively
> available in `claims.email`, everything else is nested under `claims.raw_claims`.
> 
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::warning

Ensure that the appropriate identity schema is created before mapping attributes. The email attribute is natively
available in `claims.email`, everything else is nested under `claims.raw_claims`.

:::
```

If you want to emphasize the importance here I would recommend to use "warning" or "danger" admonition - best use those if something will break prod if you get it wrong
